Update TensorRT tutorial to build-from-source. (#14860)
apache/incubator-mxnet: docs/tutorials/tensorrt/inference_with_trt.md

# Optimizing Deep Learning Computation Graphs with TensorRT

NVIDIA's TensorRT is a deep learning library that has been shown to provide large speedups when used for network inference. MXNet 1.5.0 and later versions ship with experimental integrated support for TensorRT. This means MXNet users can now make use of this acceleration library to efficiently run their networks. In this tutorial we'll see how to install, enable and run TensorRT with MXNet.  We'll also give some insight into what is happening behind the scenes in MXNet to enable TensorRT graph execution.

## Installation and Prerequisites

> Installing MXNet with TensorRT integration is an easy process. First ensure that you are running Ubuntu 18.04, and that you have updated your video drivers, and you have installed CUDA 10.0.  You'll need a Pascal or newer generation NVIDIA GPU.  You'll also have to download and install TensorRT libraries [instructions here](https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/sdk/tensorrt-install-guide/index.html).  Once you have these prerequisites installed and up-to-date you can install a special build of MXNet with TensorRT support enabled via PyPi and pip.  Install the appropriate version by running:

Reviewer: What about CUDA 10.1?

Author: The CI is currently targeting 10.0 but it should work with newer versions.  I'll update to say 10 or newer.

```
pip install mxnet-tensorrt-cu10
```

> If you are running an operating system other than Ubuntu 18.04, or just prefer to use a docker image with all prerequisites installed you can instead run:

Reviewer: I think this is missing a pull step.

Author: Run will do a pull.

Reviewer: I think this is still missing.

```
nvidia-docker run -ti mxnet/tensorrt python
```

## Sample Models
### Resnet 18

> TensorRT is an inference only library, so for the purposes of this tutorial we will be using a pre-trained network, in this case a Resnet 18.  Resnets are a computationally intensive model architecture that are often used as a backbone for various computer vision tasks. Resnets are also commonly used as a reference for benchmarking deep learning library performance.  In this section we'll use a pretrained Resnet 18 from the [Gluon Model Zoo](https://mxnet.incubator.apache.org/versions/master/api/python/gluon/model_zoo.html) and compare its inference speed with TensorRT using MXNet with TensorRT integration turned off as a baseline.

Reviewer: Can you use a relative link instead?

print(time.process_time() - start)
```

> For this experiment we are strictly interested in inference performance, so to simplify the benchmark we'll pass a tensor filled with zeros as an input.  We then bind a symbol as usual, returning a normal MXNet executor, and we run forward on this executor in a loop.  To help improve the accuracy of our benchmarks we run a small number of predictions as a warmup before running our timed loop.  This will ensure various lazy operations, which do not represent real-world usage, have completed before we measure relative performance improvement.  On a modern PC with an RTX 2070 GPU the time taken for our MXNet baseline is **17.20s**.  Next we'll run the same model with TensorRT enabled, and see how the performance compares.

Reviewer: I think this could be simplified. Do you have to include so much detail for a toy model?
```suggestion
For this experiment we are strictly interested in inference performance, so to simplify the benchmark we'll pass a tensor filled with zeros as an input.  We will also ensure various lazy operations are excluded from the benchmark by performing a warmup before running our timed loop.  This does not represent real-world usage, but will provide a basic benchmark.  On a modern PC with an RTX 2070 GPU the time taken for our MXNet baseline is **17.20s**.  Next we'll run the same model with TensorRT enabled, and see how the performance compares.
```

Author: Good feedback, I'll try and simplify.

## MXNet with TensorRT Integration Performance
```python
# Execute with TensorRT
print('Building TensorRT engine')
trt_sym = sym.get_backend_symbol('TensorRT')

> mx.contrib.tensorrt.init_tensorrt_params(trt_sym, arg_params, aux_params)

Reviewer 2: The inputs `arg_params` and `aux_params` being modified by `init_tensorrt_params` is actually an unwanted behavior that I'm intending to fix, please use the returned `arg_params` / `aux_params`.

Author: Gotcha, will do. Thanks @Caenorst

Author: Updated.

mx.contrib.tensorrt.set_use_fp16(True)
executor = trt_sym.simple_bind(ctx=mx.gpu(), data=batch_shape,
                               grad_req='null', force_rebind=True)
executor.copy_params_from(arg_params, aux_params)
```

> We us a few TensorRT specific API calls from the contrib package here to setup our parameters and indicate we'd like to run inference in fp16 mode. We then call simple_bind as normal and copy our parameter dictionaries to our executor.

Reviewer 3: 'We us' ==> ?

end = time.time()
print(time.process_time() - start)
```

> We run timing with a warmup once more, and on the same machine, run in **9.83s**. A 1.75x speed improvement!  Speed improvements when using libraries like TensorRT can come from a variety of optimizations, but in this case our speedups are coming from a technique known as [operator fusion](http://dmlc.ml/2016/11/21/fusion-and-runtime-compilation-for-nnvm-and-tinyflow.html).

Reviewer: I think dlmc.ml is gone...

Author: Darn, that was a good guide.  Will update.

## After
![after](wavenet_optimized.svg)

## Subgraph API
As of MXNet 1.5, MXNet developers have integrated TensorRT with MXNet via a Subgraph API.  Read more about the design of the API [here](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/MXNET/MXNet+Graph+Optimization+and+Quantization+based+on+subgraph+and+MKL-DNN).

## Thanks

> Thank you to NVIDIA for contributing this feature, and specifically thanks to Marek Kolodziej and Clement Fuji-Tsang.  Thanks to Junyuan Xie and Jun Wu for the code reviews and design feedback, and to Aaron Markham for the copy review.

Reviewer 3: 'Thank you to NVIDIA' ==> Thanks to NVIDIA
